# master_thesis
Master Thesis: Automatic Detection of Javascript Libraries in Hybrid Apps.
The ability to use JavaScript in mobile operating systems like Apple iOS and Google Android has opened the door to multi-platform support for mobile Apps, but it has also made them prone to attacks that were previously only possible in web applications. There are large numbers of JavaScript libraries out there and it is not deeply researched how many of them were built with secure practices. Additionally, little is known about their security as they are not analyzed or analysis are not publicly reported yet, except from some reported issues which can already be found in the public vulnerability databases like CVE [1] or NVD [2]. Very often developers do not care about the vulnerable JavaScript library version they use in their projects, most of them lack knowledge about the vulnerable JavaScript library version or simply do not care. This leads to a lot of them using these libraries ignoring e.g. their version number and vulnerabilities.  OWSAP has listed this insecure practice in its 2013 top 10 list as “Components with Known Vulnerabilities” [3]. Insecure library poses huge risk to software especially for mobile Apps where possibility of XSS attacks, broken access control or authentication token theft can successfully lead to absolute compromise of a user account or even a whole system. Also, presence of HTML and JavaScript files in the Apps as resource files makes it easy for the attacker to know exactly what vulnerable version of libraries is used and exploit their vulnerabilities, as the plain source code is exposed publicly. In defense, a tool that can detect the vulnerable library is required to warn App users about their possible security loop holes. The purpose of this thesis is to develop a tool that can automatically detect the JavaScript libraries and version number in large scale so that already reported vulnerabilities can be identified. Also a statistical overview of this problem for Hybrid Apps can be obtained to know how common this insecure practice exits in the wild. The knowledge of library usage is important also for further analysis, for example feature detection or static analysis for vulnerability detection. 

